It understands how difficult it is for you to get back into NG. Well, that's
good, your economy is not
good now
, that you come out is the worst time of it,
now he said that is good
Tight you
, you have your job held no it
Yours what first has the political problems of the land
completely worsened, and then he expected the same thing
squeeze  The
relationship between the main trade, the trading powers, is shown at the level of April 1
, which is actually higher than the fourth province, which is
before this liberation day, which means that Donald
Trump's land is to study  Or now you say
those nine is not 75 countries, they that that that low-off expired this
can not pass the time this down or even add back that this
global trade slowing or GDP growth will also increase
Received to this unit percentage of drag Yes, I do not know what is called
low unit percentage of it, in short, it is said that the profit to drag it,
and when expected to increase the loss of 5 billion
Yes those that are doing property do eh reveal those eh
, is it going to Default? Yes, because this is definitely relevant
, because he is talking about this, is saying this, that in the property price will be
affected  In the long run, does
he say that the expected appearance of the next line appears scare?  '
s shadow
interest income income this is what you expect this eh is not the Fed increase first right
, is the increase the interest rate the increase first so you Hong Kong you so say this is going to be poor that is that is
above this is profitable but the bank business owner  The
question after you added, and at the same time is talking about you,
is it the external increase is greater, or your interest interest income
is eh progress better d so it means, so now the
external increase is down  , get growth need than is the big know poor
expansion of income so and this, eh, foreign two aspects yeah, the
first is doing business doing trade those doing that
trade that is  Maybe not okay, can not repay the money so there allocate to this
, you have counted a piece of money, because you are used to the problem, a lot of trade easy
you can not export the frame so on the other hand there is
no this in fact  , really like doing she
um, those those such intermediaries in Hong Kong so then the
itself ah is zero because your small package that is zero itself is now is
no now the whole market can do  Yeah um
, so your company is immediately this, is is immediately on the ground is issuing
those are  It
should not be played for
long, but on the surface it looks like that, but if you look at this
one interest rate and the energy market, in fact, they are
not guessing the battle
of the order this, suddenly the goods thrown suddenly suddenly the
price rises sharply, followed by and then you will see this one of the United States
in those will be more of those what natural gas, suddenly the market of that  A
lot of those what Japan ah, South America's buy it
Already told you that he does not believe
Trump, so we can talk about that problem later, the
second time, we talk about the problem, he said that the situation of the industry appears
, the forecast of interest rates is expected  Will go
up first
Hearts far?  They have no impact in Hong Kong, right
? Our exports in the US share is very
low  Bureau. I said this
I this [ __ ] look
stupid  Country man
Well, in fact, it goes to
that way if it is
9.7
percent
right
Yes?
Shuttle  D old money, come to the
UK to buy a house ah, right?
Production street level
yeah,
unless you really are, like some people there think yeah, I do not know not
in the year of the year to say immigration is right, not so simple
these things are so suspected  I'm going to leave,
right? You can't get away with it. We've always
talked about it. There's something called returning trust in this world. You
open an account and
go to this place
.Um so that's you, you say you borrow the middle of it
, you mean you're looking for the middle word, you really do
unload it, that's the next 30 years to
cover it, but it's actually you come here  It's
running away actually is, is it really so
easy?
What's the matter, unless you use the piece?
Back to the users,
that is HSBC just talking about one thing, the unemployment rate issue,
is talking about why the unemployment rate is so low for a long time
,
is that is a lot, for many people nothing, lost their jobs
simply retire.
Hmm, because Hong Kong is the middle age of the labor force in Hong Kong
.You first stop
what?
Those people are in the middle,
right?  But so uh, with money,
those are more, I have money are more, but it is our
generation that started to be poor
A generation is the
last opportunity to play this one of the real estate game, so we can not enter the
market we are together to use the system crazy frame Yes, ah epidemic that that that
borrow too much that you say
Those eight orders insurance those singing those books boss those
yes boss yeah sorry scare so ah that is saying which side
who said ready to make a big strategy
Friend, that is, talking about the current that Hong Kong's economic
environment is, very very big trouble, and love the stove
you?  I'm
not
working with you for
5 days, it's coming, welcoming the mainland customers, where for
you to try to feed, where for you to ask for it, even if it's the Union of Trade Unions.
Yes, that is I 51 you now is making the bad guys
have to walk more d Zishan
Ace, that is you out of your now d political anti out of jail, you get
that way scared that is you so get like